OCPNODE-4108: add E2E tests for upstream dra-example-driver (#31064)
openshift/origin: test/extended/node/dra/example/README.md

# DRA Example Driver Extended Tests for OpenShift

This directory contains extended tests for the upstream [dra-example-driver](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/dra-example-driver) on OpenShift clusters. These tests provide **hardware-independent** DRA regression coverage — no GPU or special hardware is required.

## Overview

These tests validate:
- DRA example driver installation and lifecycle
- Single device allocation via ResourceClaims
- Multi-device allocation
- Pod lifecycle and resource cleanup
- Claim sharing behavior

> - ResourceClaimTemplate-based claim creation and cleanup

Reviewer: Can we also have a few more tests regarding `DRAExtendedResources` and the `DRAPartitionableDevices` sub features of DRA?

We want to claim these features work on Openshift and hence the ask.

Author: Ok got it  for `DRAExtendedResource` tests will be creating another PR

### 2. Resource Cleanup
- Creates pod with device ResourceClaim
- Deletes pod
- Verifies ResourceClaim persists after pod deletion but is unreserved

### 3. Multi-Device Allocation
- Creates ResourceClaim requesting 2 devices
- Schedules pod requiring multiple devices
- Validates all devices are allocated (driver publishes 9 virtual devices per node)

### 4. Claim Sharing
- Creates a single ResourceClaim
- Creates two pods referencing the same ResourceClaim
- Verifies behavior: both pods run (sharing supported) or second pod stays Pending

### 5. ResourceClaimTemplate
- Creates a ResourceClaimTemplate
- Creates pod with ResourceClaimTemplate reference
- Validates that ResourceClaim is auto-created from template
- Validates automatic cleanup of template-generated claim when pod is deleted

## OpenShift-Specific Adaptations

The upstream `dra-example-driver` Helm chart requires the following OpenShift adaptations (handled automatically by the test framework):

1. **SCC Grant**: The kubelet plugin DaemonSet runs with `privileged: true` and mounts hostPath volumes. A ClusterRoleBinding grants the `system:openshift:scc:privileged` ClusterRole to the driver ServiceAccount.

> 2. **SNO Tolerations**: Control-plane tolerations are added to allow scheduling on single-node OpenShift clusters.

Reviewer: These tolerations need not be just for SNO(Single Node Openshift)
```suggestion
2. **Tolerations**: Control-plane tolerations are added to allow scheduling on the OpenShift clusters.
```

Author: Fixed as suggested
